Update CUDA release process add checklist (#981)
pytorch/builder: CUDA_UPGRADE_GUIDE.MD

# CUDA Upgrade Guide/Runbook

> So you wanna upgrade PyTorch to support a new CUDA? Follow these steps in order! They are adapted from the CUDA 11.5, 11.3 and CUDA 11.2 processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So you wanna upgrade PyTorch to support a new CUDA? Follow these steps in order! They are adapted from previous CUDA upgrade processes.
```
Just so we don't have to keep updating this. Nit, as it may be good to be explicit what we're basing this on.

## 0. Before starting upgrade process

### A. Currently Supported CUDA and CUDNN Libraries
Here is the supported matrix for CUDA and CUDNN

| CUDA | CUDNN | additional details |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 10.2 | 7.6.5.32 | Needed for publishing CUDA enabled binaries to PyPi since CUDA 11.x binaries don’t meet the space requirements (<750MB) | 
| 11.3 | 8.2.0.53 | Stable CUDA Release |

> | 11.5 | 8.3.2.44 | Latest CUDA Release |

Reviewer: This is awesome :)

### B. Check the package availability

> Package availability to validate before starting upgrade process :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Package availability to validate before starting upgrade process:
```
nit

1) CUDA and CUDNN is available for Linux and Windows:
https://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/11.5.0/local_installers/cuda_11.5.0_495.29.05_linux.run
https://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/redist/cudnn/v8.3.2/local_installers/11.5/

> 2) CUDA is available on conda via nvidia chanell : https://anaconda.org/nvidia/cuda/files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) CUDA is available on conda via nvidia channel : https://anaconda.org/nvidia/cuda/files
```

> 3) CudaToolkit is availbale on conda via nvidia chanell : https://anaconda.org/nvidia/cudatoolkit/files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) CudaToolkit is available on conda via nvidia channel: https://anaconda.org/nvidia/cudatoolkit/files
```
